
Write a program which prints the letters of the alphabet in a random
order.  Each letter should appear only once.  Assume a function `ord()'
which accepts a letter and returns the index of that letter in the
alphabet.  (For example, ord('a') returns 0; ord('z') returns 25;
ord('m') returns 12.

Write a program that reads up to 50 grades between 0 and 100 from the
input; -1 signals the end of the input.  The program should write out
the letter grades that correspond to the inputs.  The program should
grade on a curve as follows: Divide the range betwen the lowest and
highest grade into five parts.  Grades in the top part get A's; grades
in the second part get B's, and soforth.

Write a function that reads doubles from its input and outputs the
square root of each.  Check for negative inputs.

Assume that there is a function `toupper' which takes a char argument.
It returns the uppercase version of its argument if the argument was a
lowercase letter; otherwise it returns its argument. That is,
toupper('c') returns 'C'; toupper('F') returns 'F', and toupper('#')
returns '#'.  Write a program which reads its input, translates the
lowercase letters in the input to uppercase, and writes out the result.
Your program should terminate when it sees EOF.

Write a program which prints out the length of each line in its input,
halting at EOF.

Write a function that receives appropriate information about the
dimensions of a cylinder from its caller and computes the volume of the
cylinder.  

Write a function that accepts a double argument and returns the largest
integer that is less than or equal to its argument.

Granny's famous Gruel Recipe goes like this:
	3 cups corn meal
	4 cups water
boil water.  add meal.  reduce heat.  cook 20 minutes.  Serves 6. 
Write a program which reads input specifying how many people are coming
over for supper, and which prints out a gruel recipe for enough gruel to
feed them all.  

The _factorial_ of a positive intgeer n is the product of all the
intgers between 1 and n, inclusive.  The factorial of 0 is 1.  Write a
function that returns the factorial of its argument.

Hieronymus Bonghit was never quite himself after he was struck on the
head by a falling wah-wah pedal at last year's Saint Patrick's Day
Parade.  His irrational hatred of the Irish rock band `U2' has increased
ever since last March.  This week he wants to erase all the files on his
system which mention U2.  The first step is to identify these files.
Write a program which reads its input and reports whether or not the
sequence of characters `U2' appeared anywhere within it.

Write the function `strupcase', whose argument is a string, and which
changes the lowercase letters in its argument to uppercase ones.
That means that if I do:
	char word[]="Fo-o";
	printf("%s", word);
	strupcase(word);
	printf("%s", word);
whould print `Fo-o' and then `FO-O'.  Assume `toupper()'. 

